link to my completed codepen from part 2 as well as the review questions/answers

https://codepen.io/royeradames/pen/LYGYEKR?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    use for the structure of our website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    key words used inside an opening tag to manage the an element actions
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The title of your website or the most important piece of information on your website. Should only be used 1 per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, and a tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    links to other documents like fonts, css style sheets, javascript document, page title, page icon, and other meta data.
    7. What is an id? 
    A uniquic identifier
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element. Like a, img, h1-h6, section, footer, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1 per page
    10. What is a class? 
    is a 1 to many identifier for html content
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element. Like a, img, h1-h6, section, footer, etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    1 to many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    added the target="_blank" to a anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    adding a description to the picture.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using "#" follow by its name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic while div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling our html content
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}. Element name follow by {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class are great for styling many things while ID are great for inpage links. Use for main nav while use classes for styling the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className. . follow by a class name.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    two css selection divided by space. useful when you want to select html content that is nested. For sample, nav a{}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selector that selects element that are in a specific state
    A keyword of a selector that specify the selector in a specific condition.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase;
    text-transform:lowercase;
    text-transform:Capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: solid 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * wild card selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rmdir. There is no safety features for unwanted deletion like in sql, only delete when you are 100% because you are not getting it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so when your code brakes you can go back to a previous working version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or when you make a significant change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "royeradames"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the project
    add your TL has a contibutor
    clone the project on git terminal
    make a brach with your name
    open it on visual studio code
    do your work while saving it every 20 minutes or when you do a significant change to the document.
        git adde
        git commit -m "Hello future me, this is why I did this..."
        git push -u origin "royeradames"
        repeat until donoe with all tasks.
    On github, compare your branch to the master branch
    do a new pull request
    put your TL has a contributor
    you are done.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block element has width and height and accept no other element next to it. Inline element accepts other element next to it but you cannot assign it a width.The width is has big or small as the content.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The element will exist in this own layer separate from everything, and you can move it around with special keywords. Top, bottom, left, right.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display: inline-block; <!-- best of two words-->
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, section, p
    a, span
    text-area
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model explain the relationship of content, padding, border, and margin. 
    Content is where the house. 
    Padding is the yard. 
    border is the fence
    padding is the space outside your fence before you touch the sidewalk  



   --> 